Class exclusion support for ContentInstances and InstanceNodes of specific classes. (#2727)
iTwin/itwinjs-core: docs/changehistory/NextVersion.md

In `3.0` changes have been made that changed the way this attribute is calculated, which means the same node produced by pre-3.0 and 3.x versions of `imodeljs` will have keys with different `pathFromRoot` value. To help identify the version of `NodeKey` a new `version` attribute has been added, with `undefined` or `1` being assigned to keys produced by pre-3.0 and `2` being assigned to keys produced by `3.x` versions of imodeljs. In addition, a new [NodeKey.equals]($presentation-common) function has been added to help with the equality checking of node keys, taking their version into account.

### `KeySetJSON`

The format of [KeySetJSON]($presentation-common) has been changed to reduce its size. Instead of containing an array of instance IDs it now contains a single compressed IDs string. See [CompressedId64Set]($core-bentley) for more details about compressing IDs.

### Changes to presentation rule specifications

> - [MultiSchemaClassesSpecification]($presentation-common) now contains [MultiSchemaClassesSpecification.arePolymorphic]($presentation-common) optional field to indicate if the specified classes should be handled polymorphically.
> - [ContentInstancesOfSpecificClassesSpecification.handleInstancesPolymorphically]($presentation-common) and [InstanceNodesOfSpecificClassesSpecification.arePolymorphic]($presentation-common) have been deprecated.
> - New fields [ContentInstancesOfSpecificClassesSpecification.excludedClasses]($presentation-common) and [InstanceNodesOfSpecificClassesSpecification.excludedClasses]($presentation-common) are now used to specify excluded instance classes.
> - [ContentInstancesOfSpecificClassesSpecification.handleInstancesPolymorphically]($presentation-common) is now used as default polymorphism value for [ContentInstancesOfSpecificClassesSpecification.classes]($presentation-common) and [ContentInstancesOfSpecificClassesSpecification.excludedClasses]($presentation-common).
> - [InstanceNodesOfSpecificClassesSpecification.arePolymorphic]($presentation-common) is now used as default polymorphism value for [InstanceNodesOfSpecificClassesSpecification.classes]($presentation-common) and [InstanceNodesOfSpecificClassesSpecification.excludedClasses]($presentation-common).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added ability to specify polymorphism at class level rather than specification level. 
  
  Previously polymorphism was specified at specification level using [ContentInstancesOfSpecificClassesSpecification.handleInstancesPolymorphically]($presentation-common) and [InstanceNodesOfSpecificClassesSpecification.arePolymorphic]($presentation-common) flags. They're now deprecated in favor of the new [MultiSchemaClassesSpecification.arePolymorphic]($presentation-common) attribute and act as default values if the new attribute is not specified.

  The change allows [ContentInstancesOfSpecificClassesSpecification]($presentation-common) and [InstanceNodesOfSpecificClassesSpecification]($presentation-common) specify multiple classes with different polymorphism, if necessary.

- Added ability to exclude some classes when creating content and hierarchies.

  New optional attributes [ContentInstancesOfSpecificClassesSpecification.excludedClasses]($presentation-common) and [InstanceNodesOfSpecificClassesSpecification.excludedClasses]($presentation-common) have been added to specify classes that could be excluded. This provides a convenient way describe what class instances should be excluded from content or hierarchy, e.g. `give me all bis.Element instances except bis.GeometricElement`.
```
